== PEB

Presentes Especiais Backend, aka PEB, is a project to host api endpoints for PEM usage

== Getting started

=== Configuring enviroment

Wee need to wrap your gens to not use system gens and override gens that you don`t want to. For this purpose, you need to install rvm (easyier) or rbenv.

==== Installing rvm

Install rvm

  $ gpg --keyserver hkp://keys.gnupg.net --recv-keys 409B6B1796C275462A1703113804BB82D39DC0E3

  $ \curl -sSL https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable


Project url: https://rvm.io/

==== Installing rbenv

1. Check out rbenv into `~/.rbenv`.

    $ git clone https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv.git ~/.rbenv

2. Add `~/.rbenv/bin` to your `$PATH` for access to the `rbenv`
   command-line utility.

    $ echo 'export PATH="$HOME/.rbenv/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bash_profile

    **Ubuntu Desktop note**: Modify your `~/.bashrc` instead of `~/.bash_profile`.

    **Zsh note**: Modify your `~/.zshrc` file instead of `~/.bash_profile`.

3. Add `rbenv init` to your shell to enable shims and autocompletion.

    $ echo 'eval "$(rbenv init -)"' >> ~/.bash_profile

    _Same as in previous step, use `~/.bashrc` on Ubuntu, or `~/.zshrc` for Zsh._

4. Restart your shell so that PATH changes take effect. (Opening a new
   terminal tab will usually do it.) Now check if rbenv was set up:

    $ type rbenv
    #=> "rbenv is a function"

5. _(Optional)_ Install [ruby-build][], which provides the
   `rbenv install` command that simplifies the process of
   [installing new Ruby versions](#installing-ruby-versions).

Check all rubys installed

  rbenv versions list

Install ruby 2.2.0 if isn`t installed

  rbenv install 2.2.0

Instaling rbenv gemset plugins

  See details at https://github.com/jf/rbenv-gemset

Create this project gemset

  rbenv gemset create 2.2.0 peb

Project url: https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv

=== Downloading

Download this project

  $ git clone GIT_PROJECT_URL

=== Installing

Enter you project

  $ cd PROJECT_PATH

Install ruby dependences

  $ bundle

if using rbenv and resulting 'rbenv: bundle: command not found', you must install it and run bundle again

  $ gem install bundler

=== Database

We need to create database and run all migrations on it.

Creating database

  $ rake db:create

Runing all migrations

  $ rake db:migrate

If you need to drop database, you can execute

  $ rake db:drop

=== Runing

Runing project

  $ rails s

Runing project with guard (prefferable)

  $ guard

Then you can see in the browser in

  http://localhost:3000

Guard is a project to listen changes in your code and executing it. A good example is live testing when you change anything.

== Documentation

To see others documentations features of this project, you can run this doc.

=== Runing

Runing doc

  yard server --reload

Then you can see in the browser in

  http://localhost:8808

== Structure

=== Routes
{file:docs/files/routes.rdoc Link}

=== Controllers
{file:docs/files/controllers.rdoc Link}
